Last time on Sonic X,
our heroes made a crash-landing
on a peculiar planet
where they learned
a shocking secret.
Not only was it Cosmo's home world,
it was also the birthplace
of the Metarex.
Devastated by this discovery,
Cosmo was about to flee
when Bokkun suddenly broke in
with an emergency message
from Dr. Eggman.
It appears the Metarex were meeting
to carry out their final mission,
which would end in a
cosmic catastrophe.
Now, with time running out,
Sonic and friends must
rush to rescue the galaxy.
Will they finally finish
off the Metarex?
Or are they destined
to go down in defeat?
Find out next on Sonic X!
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
-Gotta go fast
-Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
I've secretly been working
to infiltrate the Metarex
and find out what they're up to.
But it looks like they finally figured
out I've been deceiving them.
Dr. Eggman, a huge Metarex
battleship is closing in fast!
Its laser cannons are
pointed right at us!
Your panicking is pointless.
Defeat is inevitable, so
let's face it with dignity.
The Metarex are on the move,
heading towards galactic
coordinates 0, 0, 0.
One of their legends talks about a
time when the thousand-year wait ends,
and night and day become one.
I'm not sure what it means,
but my guess is that
something extraordinary
happens in that
region of space once
every thousand years.
And it's about to happen again.
Aaaaah! Aaaaah!
The Metarex are sending every ship
in their fleet to rendezvous there.
You'd have to be out of your
minds to try and intercept them,
so I assume that's what
you're going to do.
[Laughing]
Hm. I got away just as
they began attacking.
ALL: Hmm.
I hope you don't mind my asking,
but why are those numbers
on your TV counting down?
Mmm, I forgot these messages
self-destruct at the end.
[All yelp]
Cover your ears! It's
gonna be a big bang!
[Explosion]
BOKKUN: [Nervous chuckle]
Betcha didn't know watching
TV could be so exciting.
CREAM: That was not fun!
AMY: I'll never tune
into that channel again.
The end is at hand!
The forestation of the
galaxy is about to begin!
Soon the Metarex will
be all-powerful!
[All gasp]
KNUCKLES: You can't operate
the ship from here.
There's no controls.
There are controls here!
They're just hidden away.
ALL: Huh!
TAILS: I built this secret bridge
just in case the original
one ever got wrecked.
But can this beaten-up barge fly?
The ship's engines were
damaged pretty bad, but
we still have enough power.
Put it into launch mode, Chris!
Hmm...
Hold it, hedgehog!
Huh?
There's a big fleet of
Metarex ships ahead.
Their coordinates are 0, 0, 0.
That's just where
Eggman said they'd be.
Increase engine
speed to full power.
Set the course for Dark
Oak's command ship.
Roger.
Begin the attack.
We'll wipe them out!
No survivors!
Hm.
Two Metarex are
heading right at us!
We have to stop 'em
before they attack!
Get to your ships and
launch a counter strike!
ALL: Roger!
It's time to go
wreck those Metarex!
Sonic, catch!
Thanks, Chris!
[Grunt]
Huh!
Sonic's attack didn't work.
Fire lasers!
[Grunting]
[All gasp]
Rouge, Knuckles, get to the flight
deck to stop that Metarex!
My looks are even more
striking than my attacks.
Let's charge 'em together.
Ready when you are.
KNUCKLES: Aren't you even
gonna put up a fight?
If you insist.
But you weaklings can't
possibly harm me.
You won't think so high of
yourself after I knock you down.
You broke my mirror!
Be grateful you don't have
to look at yourself anymore.
This is no joke.
Soon you'll be howling... in pain!
Now you're makin' me angry!
[Grunt] Double Claw!
Aaah!
[Grunting]
Huh!
Ah!
Sonic!
This is for hurting Sonic!
I wish I knew what Dark
Oak's next move was.
We're comin' out of warp space now.
If you need a ride back, we got
a round trip special today.
It's a 45% discount
off our standard fare!
Hmm.
He's a tough sell.
Luckily for you, there's no
charge for first time customers.
That's the last time I ever give
a lift to a hitchhiking hedgehog.
I'm sick of taking jobs
where we lose money.
Our business is going bust!
I ain't interested
in your opinions.
I'm the boss around here!
Where do you wanna get
dropped off, buddy?
Huh?
Hey!
You'd better buckle up. We could
be in for a rough landing.
At lease we made it in one
piece, but now we got to
build ourselves a new
detective office.
Yo, pal. Wait!
A "thank you" wouldn't
cost ya nothin'.
You should at least tell us why
you crash-landed us on this ship.
I have to find Dark Oak
and have a showdown.
Well, as long as we're here, we might
as well battle the Metarex, too.
All right!
This'll be fun.
That depends on how
you define "fun."
Whoa!
I wish there was some way
we could abandon ship.
Yeah.
You know, that isn't
such a bad idea.
[Chuckle]
Hey, Dr. Eggman is sending
out a rescue signal.
Sonic, I'm gonna fly into the command
ship and set Dr. Eggman free.
Okay!
Amy, continue the
attack with Sonic.
Roger!
Sonic and I will
conquer those Metarex
using the invincible
power of our love.
[Nervous chuckle]
[Metarex jabbering]
Chaos Spear!
[Metarex scream]
Huh! Where's Dark Oak?
[Metarex jabbering]
Now that was a smash.
It's all clear.
Great.
With those Metarex gone,
we can break free!
You'd better stand back.
We can blow up these bars.
Decoe! Bocoe!
BOTH: Yes, Doctor.
Now we finally get to
show our explosive side.
Begin merge!
Assuming head shot position.
Decoe Bocoe Brain Bazooka, fire!
Uh.
Huh.
That was awesome, but I do
have a bit of a headache now.
We look cute on the
outside, but inside,
we are mean machines.
It was very brave
of you to come here.
Thanks, Doctor.
You've got a lot of
guts for a little kid.
Now, let's hack into their system.
Destruct code verified.
Detonating Corridor D.
[Metarex yell]
[Screaming]
ALL: Whoa! [Panting]
I altered this ship's
energy output.
The ship's main power circuits
are overloading now.
BOTH: Brilliant idea, Doctor!
Surprise!
[Yelling]
A bull's-eye!
Chao chao!
How dare you try to
damage my perfect face?
Quick! Give me your hand!
Hm?
What an odd time to
suddenly get romantic.
Hold tight!
[Grunting]
Spin Throw!
Huh!
Aah!
Tell me where Dark Oak is.
Huh?
Never mind.
Shadow is heading for the bridge.
Dismantle the hull and outer
structure of the ship.
Yes, sir.
The ship is falling apart!
They're wrecking their own
ship, just to get rid of us!
[All screaming]
Huh?
Oof!
You okay?
Aah!
[Grunt]
[Screaming]
Whoa-oa!
You guys went to all this trouble
just to build a tree house?
Hm?
[Screaming]
Hm.
Something's distorting the
gravity in this part of space.
[Gasp]
It's expanding rapidly.
What's going on?
The thousand year wait ends!
Night and day become one!
And two worlds come together!
Huh?
That's a Planet Egg.
The thousand year wait ends.
Night and day become one.
And two worlds come together.
Of course.
Once every thousand years,
a space-time rupture
must occur in this
part of the galaxy.
That light is breaking through from
an entirely different universe.
We're all doomed!
There's a huge amount of energy
that's coming from that thing!
Our sensors overloaded when
I tried to get a reading.
This must be what the
Metarex were waiting for.
Sonic!
I'd better end this before Dark
Oak ruins the galaxy forever.
Huh!
I've got to stop them
before forestation starts!
[Grunt]
You fool.
We are on the verge of a
galactic transformation!
No one can stop us!
Whoa!
Huh!
Whoaaaaa!
[Grunt]
Planet Egg is water.
Chaos Emerald is light.
They both give us power.
It is water and light that
make all plants grow.
We will now give birth
to... Forestation!
The Metarex have long
awaited this moment.
We will now bring perfect order
and peace to this galaxy,
and to the entire universe!
Forestation has finally begun!
Long rule the Metarex!
Aaah!
[Groaning]
[Yelling]
[All yelling]
[Gasp]
[All gasp]
[Straining]
[All roaring]
[Both gasp]
What are they?
They are in the last stage of
the Metarex Forestation Project.
The galaxy will be
taken over by plants,
and all animal life
forms will be wiped out.
We have to attack!
All ships launch missiles now!
[Roaring]
Huh!
[Grunting]
[Roaring]
Huh!
Whoooaa!
Let go, Sonic!
Whoa! Whoa!
[Roaring]
[Both yelling]
[Growling]
They're after the Master Emerald!
[Gasp]
[Roaring]
We won't let you take it!
[Growl]
Huh!
[Metarex roaring]
[Roaring]
[Gasps]
Tails! Cosmo!
Aaaah!
Hang on, Amy!
[Grunt]
Ah!
[Both panting]
It looks like we're losing.
You pitiful animals!
Now that you are vanquished,
you see the true superiority
of the Metarex.
But you still have one last chance
to save yourselves from
certain destruction.
Come to your senses, Sonic.
Join us, and we will bring
order and peace to the galaxy.
Sonic!
I'll never join with you!
[Growling]
Don't fight them, Sonic!
They're so powerful now you'll
be destroyed for sure!
Sorry, I can't let them take
over the galaxy without a fight.
If you wanna rule, you'll
have to get rid of me, first.
So be it, Sonic.
If you wish to be eliminated,
we will be happy to help you.
Farewell, hedgehog.
Just don't hurt Amy!
Ah! Whoaa!
Whoa!
Sonic!
[All gasp]
Whoa! Whoa!
Sonic, no!
You have lost, Sonic.
Water is your weakness,
and our strength.
We will now spread
across the galaxy,
and there will be
no one to stop us.